Jesus, that's a horse map.
This is priceless.
How many billionaires want to collect but still can't find a trace.
It turns out it's here about performance.
Ma'am, you're so lucky.
It is possible to have such an upright and rich husband
Moreover, they spoil you like that.
Some people are afraid that they will not have the opportunity to see such a treasure in their lifetime.
Look at his face, he's never seen the world.
This is a rare collection.
Ma'am, can I touch it?
Of course, Vinh Thien often likes to collect these things.
Be careful.
Wow.
Or is the lady generous?
Not like some people.
Are we still looking for a marriage certificate?
Why not look?
Ma'am, think about where something so important could be placed.
I rarely go to Vinh Thien s office.
I don't know.
Nowhere else.
The marriage certificate is definitely in this drawer.